Content creation for GitOps 1.12.2 RN (#75482)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-12-2.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * release_notes/gitops-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.2

{gitops-title} 1.12.2 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.2_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="RHSA-2024:2816-gitops-1-12-2-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:2816 - {gitops-title} 1.12.2 security update advisory

Issued: 2024-05-10

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:2816[RHSA-2024:2816]

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

[id="new-features-1-12-2_{context}"]
== New features

> * With this update, support has been provided for the `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator. This update provides support for the following enhancements:

Reviewer: @Dhruv-Soni11 Please add an attribute for Argo Rollouts Operator just like how we have for the GitOps Operatorand include it in the common-attributes.adoc file. Apply this attribute all thru the doc for all occurrences of Argo Rollouts Operator.

This is Global comment, applying to all versions.

Author: Fixed.

** Logs for Argo Rollouts Operator pods and Argo Rollouts pods.
** Contents of Argo Rollouts Manager and Argo Rollouts custom resources (CRs).

> ** Contents of `Deployment`, `Statefulset`, `ConfigMaps` CRs created by the `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Contents of `Deployment`, `Statefulset`, and `ConfigMaps` CRs created by the `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator.
```

Author: Fixed.

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3947[GITOPS-3947]

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, users could not use the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary to add GKE and EKS clusters because this binary was not available in the {gitops-shortname} container. This update fixes the issue by adding the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary in the {gitops-shortname} container. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4226[GITOPS-4226]

Reviewer: @Dhruv-Soni11 please expand GKE and EKS here

Author: Fixed.

* Before this update, the `ignoreDifferences` sync option in Argo CD did not work for array fields. This update fixes the issue by modifying the merge strategy of the `ignoreDifferences` sync option used in the upstream project to handle array fields. As a result, the sync option now functions correctly by allowing users to ignore specific elements in the array during sync. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2962[GITOPS-2962]

* Before this update, users were unable to include context for notifications in the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). With this update, users can now add context for notifications by using the `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. This field can also be used to establish shared context across all templates defined in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4303[GITOPS-4303]
+

> Example of the `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of the `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  context:
    region: east #<1>
----

> <1> Context between all notification templates is in `key-value` pairs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Context among all notification templates is in `key-value` pairs
```
@Dhruv-Soni11 Should we not replace between with among here? WDYT?
Please refer to the usage of between and among, talk to the SME and implement what wording is suitable here.

Author: Keeping it as among in this instance.

> * Before this update, users accessing a ROSA cluster after hibernation were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console due to an error indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors when the ROSA cluster is operational post-hibernation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4358[GITOPS-4358]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users accessing a Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA) cluster after hibernation were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console due to an error indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors when the ROSA cluster is operational post-hibernation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4358[GITOPS-4358]
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * release_notes/gitops-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.2

{gitops-title} 1.12.2 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.2_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="RHSA-2024:2816-gitops-1-12-2-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:2816 - {gitops-title} 1.12.2 security update advisory

> Issued: 2024-05-09

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issued: 2024-05-10
```

Reviewer: @Dhruv-Soni11 change the Errata issue date to May 10

Reviewer: Yes, please.

Author: Fixed.

** Logs for Argo Rollouts Operator pods and Argo Rollouts pods.
** Contents of Argo Rollouts Manager and Argo Rollouts custom resources (CRs).
** Contents of `Deployment`, `Statefulset`, `ConfigMaps` CRs created by the `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator.
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3947[GITOPS-3947]

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, users could not use the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary to add GKE and EKS clusters because this binary was not available in the {gitops-shortname} container. This update fixes the issue by adding the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary in the {gitops-shortname} container. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4226[GITOPS-4226]

* Before this update, attempts to connect to Azure DevOps with Argo CD would result in an error due to the deprecation of the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithm by the Azure DevOps Repository service. This update fixes the issue by providing support for the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithms during the communication process between Argo CD and Azure DevOps Repository service. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4543[GITOPS-4543]

> * Before this update, {gitops-shortname} console plugin workloads did not schedule on infrastructure nodes when the `runOnInfra` field was enabled in the `GitOpsService` custom resource (CR). This update fixes the issue by adding the infrastructure `node-selector` on the {gitops-shortname} console plugin workloads. This enables users to configure custom node-selectors and tolerations on the `gitops-console` pod. As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the {gitops-shortname} console plugin pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes similarly to the other default workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4496[GITOPS-4496]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, {gitops-shortname} console plugin workloads did not schedule on infrastructure nodes when the `runOnInfra` field was enabled in the `GitOpsService` custom resource (CR). This update fixes the issue by adding the infrastructure `node-selector` on the {gitops-shortname} console plugin workloads. This enables users to configure custom node-selectors and tolerations on the `gitops-console` pod. As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the {gitops-shortname} console plugin pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes like the other default workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4496[GITOPS-4496]
```
Hello @Dhruv-Soni11 we discussed this with Sri and this wording can have double meaning, so changing it to simpler word is the best. Thank You!

Author: Fixed.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.2

{gitops-title} 1.12.2 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.2_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="RHSA-2024:130830-04-gitops-1-12-2-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:130830-04 - {gitops-title} 1.12.2 security update advisory

Issued: 2024-05-09

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:130830-04[RHSA-2024:130830-04]

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

[id="new-features-1-12-2_{context}"]
== New features

* With this update, support has been provided for the `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator. This update provides support for the following enhancements:

** Logs for Argo Rollouts Operator pods and Argo Rollouts pods.

> ** ** Contents of Argo Rollouts Manager and Argo Rollouts custom resources (CRs).

Author: Fixed.

> ** Contents of `Deployment`, `Statefulset`, `ConfigMaps` CRs created by `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator.

Author: Fixed.

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3947[GITOPS-3947]

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, users could not use the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary to add GKE and EKS clusters because this binary was not available in the {gitops-shortname} container. This update fixes the issue by adding the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary in the {gitops-shortname} container. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4226[GITOPS-4226]

> * Before this update, the attempt to connect to Azure DevOps with Argo CD would result in an error due to the deprecation of the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithm by the Azure DevOps Repository service. This update fixes the issue by providing support for the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithms during the communication process between Argo CD and Azure DevOps Repository service. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4543[GITOPS-4543]

Author: Fixed.

* Before this update, {gitops-shortname} console plugin workloads did not schedule on infrastructure nodes when the `runOnInfra` field was enabled in the `GitOpsService` custom resource (CR). This update fixes the issue by adding the infrastructure `node-selector` on the {gitops-shortname} console plugin workloads. This enables users to configure custom node-selectors and tolerations on the `gitops-console` pod. As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the {gitops-shortname} console plugin pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes similarly to the other default workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4496[GITOPS-4496]

* Before this update, the `ignoreDifferences` sync option in Argo CD did not work for array fields. This update fixes the issue by modifying the merge strategy of the `ignoreDifferences` sync option used in the upstream project to handle array fields. As a result, the sync option now functions correctly by allowing users to ignore specific elements in the array during sync. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2962[GITOPS-2962]

> * Before this update, users were unable to include context for notifications in the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). With this update, users can now add context for notifications by using the `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. This field can be also used to establish shared context across all templates defined in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4303[GITOPS-4303]

Author: Fixed.

+

> Example of  `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  context:
    key1: value1
    key2: value2
  templates:
    template.app-created: |-
      email:
        subject: Application {{.app.metadata.name}} has been created.
      message: Application {{.app.metadata.name}} has been created.
      teams:
        title: Application {{.app.metadata.name}} has been created.
    template.app-deleted: |-
     ...
     ...
----

> * Before this update, users accessing the ROSA cluster after hibernation were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console due to an error indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors when the ROSA cluster is operational post-hibernation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4358[GITOPS-4358]

Reviewer 3: I would change the definite article to an indefinite one here:
```suggestion
* Before this update, users accessing a ROSA cluster after hibernation were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console due to an error indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors when the ROSA cluster is operational post-hibernation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4358[GITOPS-4358]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, users were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console if the availability of `openshift-gitops` route was delayed while the {gitops-title} Operator processed an Argo CD custom resource instance. An error message was displayed indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3736[GITOPS-3736]

Reviewer 3: I think this needs an article here:
```suggestion
* Before this update, users were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console if the availability of the `openshift-gitops` route was delayed while the {gitops-title} Operator processed an Argo CD custom resource instance. An error message was displayed indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3736[GITOPS-3736]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, users could not create custom resources for Argo CD from the *Add* page on the *Developer* perspective of the {gitops-title} Web console. This issue has been observed from {gitops-title} 1.10 and later releases. This update fixes the issue because operator backed resources with the correct versions are included in the `ClusterServiceVersion` manifest file.

Reviewer 3: Operator should be capitalized, and I think a hyphen here would be appropriate for the compound adjective:
```suggestion
* Before this update, users could not create custom resources for Argo CD from the *Add* page on the *Developer* perspective of the {gitops-title} Web console. This issue has been observed from {gitops-title} 1.10 and later releases. This update fixes the issue because Operator-backed resources with the correct versions are included in the `ClusterServiceVersion` manifest file.
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * release_notes/gitops-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.2

{gitops-title} 1.12.2 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.2_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="RHSA-XXXX:NNNN-gitops-1-12-2-security-update-advisory_{context}"]

> === RHSA-XXXX:NNNN - {gitops-title} 1.12.2 security update advisory

Reviewer 2: Do we have a link available for this? Or is it just a placeholder for now?

Author: This is a temporary placeholder for now, @eromanova97

Issued: 2024-05-06

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-XXXX:NNNN[RHSA-XXXX:NNNN]

Reviewer 2: Same question as above.

Author: This is a temporary placeholder for now, @eromanova97

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

[id="new-features-1-12-2_{context}"]
== New features

* With this update, support has been provided for the `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator. This update provides support for the following enhancements:

> ** Logs for Argo Rollouts Operator Pods and Argo Rollouts Pods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Logs for Argo Rollouts Operator pods and Argo Rollouts pods.
```

Author: Fixed.

> ** Contents of Argo Rollouts Manager (CR) and Argo Rollouts (CR)
> ** Contents of `Deployment`, `Statefulset`, `ConfigMaps` Custom Resources (CR) created by `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Contents of Argo Rollouts Manager and Argo Rollouts custom resources (CRs).
** Contents of `Deployment`, `Statefulset`, `ConfigMaps` CRs created by `must-gather` tool in the Argo Rollouts Operator.
```

Author: Fixed.

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3947[GITOPS-3947]

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, users could not use the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary to add GKE, and EKS clusters as this binary was not available in the GitOps container. This update fixes the issue as the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary has been added in the GitOps container. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4226[GITOPS-4226]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users could not use the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary to add GKE and EKS clusters because this binary was not available in the {gitops-shortname} container. This update fixes the issue by adding the `argocd-k8s-auth` binary in the {gitops-shortname} container. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4226[GITOPS-4226]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, when Argo CD attempted to connect to Azure DevOps, an error was displayed due to the deprecation of the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithm, by the Azure DevOps Repository service. This update fixes the issue as Argo CD provides support for the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithms during the communication process between Argo CD and Azure DevOps Repository service. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4543[GITOPS-4543]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the attempt to connect to Azure DevOps with Argo CD would result in an error due to the deprecation of the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithm by the Azure DevOps Repository service. This update fixes the issue by providing support for the `rsa-ssh` host key algorithms during the communication process between Argo CD and Azure DevOps Repository service. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4543[GITOPS-4543]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, {gitops-title} did not schedule the workloads on infrastructure nodes when the `runOnInfra` field was enabled in the `GitOpsService` custom resource (CR). This update fixes the issue by introducing a `node-selector` for infrastructure nodes on the {gitops-title} plugin workloads, enabling users to configure `Tolerations` on the `gitops-console` pod. As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the `gitops-console` pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes similar to the default workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4496[GITOPS-4496]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, {gitops-title} did not schedule workloads on infrastructure nodes when the `runOnInfra` field was enabled in the `GitOpsService` custom resource (CR). This update fixes the issue by introducing the `node-selector` object for infrastructure nodes on the {gitops-title} plugin workloads. This enables users to configure tolerations on the `gitops-console` pod. As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the `gitops-console` pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes similarly to the default workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4496[GITOPS-4496]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, {gitops-title} did not schedule the workloads on infrastructure nodes when the `runOnInfra` field was enabled in the `GitOpsService` custom resource (CR). This update fixes the issue by introducing a `node-selector` for infrastructure nodes on the {gitops-title} plugin workloads, enabling users to configure `Tolerations` on the `gitops-console` pod. As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the `gitops-console` pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes similar to the default workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4496[GITOPS-4496]

Reviewer 4: We need to specify gitops-console-plugins pods instead of {gitops-title}.
Also, it should say - by adding the node-selector for infra nodes to the gitops-plugin workloads. This fix will also users to add custom node-selectors and tolerations to this pod. 
As a result, when the `runOnInfra` field is enabled, the `gitops-console-plugin` pod is placed on the infrastructure nodes similar to the other default workloads

Author: Fixed.

* Before this update, the `ignoreDifferences` sync option in Argo CD did not work for array fields. This update fixes the issue by modifying the merge strategy of the `ignoreDifferences` sync option used in the upstream project to handle array fields. As a result, the sync option now functions correctly by allowing users to ignore specific elements in the array during sync. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2962[GITOPS-2962]

> * Before this update, users were unable to include context for notifications, in the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). With this update, users can now add notifications by utilizing the `context` field within the `NotificationsConfiguration` (CR). This field enabled users to add context in the `NotificationsConfiguration` (CR) and can also be utilized to establish shared context across all templates defined in the `NotificationsConfiguration` (CR). link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4304[GITOPS-4304]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users were unable to include context for notifications in the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). With this update, users can now add context for notifications by using the `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. This field can be also used to establish shared context across all templates defined in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4304[GITOPS-4304]
```

Reviewer 2: The link here: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4304
seems to be wrong.

Reviewer 2: i think it should be GITOPS-4303

Author: Yes, it should be GITOPS-4304. I have accepted the rest of the changes too.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> Example for `context`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of  `context` field in the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,yaml]
----

> spec:
>   context:
>     key1: value1
>     key2: value2
>   templates:
>     template.app-created: |-
>       email:
>         subject: Application {{.app.metadata.name}} has been created.
>       message: Application {{.app.metadata.name}} has been created.
>       teams:
>         title: Application {{.app.metadata.name}} has been created.
>     template.app-deleted: |-
>      ...
>      ...
> ----

Reviewer 2: Because we only want to showcase context example, shouldn't we omit the templates part?

Also, these are variables, if I understand it correctly. It should be more like this:
```suggestion
spec:
  context:
    <key>: <value> #<1>
----
<1> Replace ` <key>` with <add explanation here> and `<value>` with <add explanation here> . You can add as many key-value pairs as needed.
```
I would check for explanation with SME.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, users accessing the ROSA cluster after hibernation were unable to login to the Argo CD Web Console UI due to an error indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. To resolve this issue, users had to restart the {gitops-title} Operator pod along with the Server and Dex pods of Argo CD. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD Web Console without facing any errors once the ROSA cluster is operational post-hibernation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4358[GITOPS-4358]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users accessing the ROSA cluster after hibernation were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console due to an error indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors when the ROSA cluster is operational post-hibernation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4358[GITOPS-4358]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, users were unable to log in to the Argo CD Web Console UI when there is a delay in the availability of `openshift-gitops` route during processing of an instance of the Argo CD custom resource by the {gitops-title} Operator. An error message is displayed indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. To resolve this issue, users had to restart the {gitops-title} Operator pod along with the Server and Dex pods of Argo CD. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD Web Console without facing any errors. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3736[GITOPS-3736]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users were unable to log in to the Argo CD web console if the availability of `openshift-gitops` route was delayed while the {gitops-title} Operator processed an Argo CD custom resource instance. An error message was displayed indicating an invalid redirect URI in the Dex configuration. With this update, users can now log in to the Argo CD web console without facing any errors. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3736[GITOPS-3736]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, users could not create custom resources for Argo CD from the *Add* page on the *Developer* perspective of the {gitops-title} Web console. This issue has been observed from {gitops-title} 1.10 and later releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users could not create custom resources for Argo CD from the *Add* page on the *Developer* perspective of the {gitops-title} web console. This issue has been observed from {gitops-title} 1.10 and later releases.
```

Reviewer 2: The part of the fix is missing in this release note: "With this fix/this update fixes"
Is it fixed or is this rather a known issue?

Author: It is a fixed issue and I have included the updates received from the SME.
